A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?
Fear cuts deeper than swords.
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
There is only one god and his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: Not today.
Winter is coming.
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.
The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms . . . or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words. We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.
Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
And I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples and bastards and broken things.
If I look back I am lost.
Nothing burns like the cold.
Every flight begins with a fall.
Life is not a song, sweetling. Someday you may learn that, to your sorrow.
Laughter is poison to fear.
Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle.
Oh, my sweet summer child
Give me honorable enemies rather than ambitious ones, and I'll sleep more easily by night.
My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer and I have my mind...and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone if it is to keep its edge. That's why I read so much Jon Snow.
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
What do we say to the Lord of Death?
Not today.
The things I do for love.
Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well.
You are your mother's trueborn son of Lannister.
I don't even know who my mother was, Jon said.
And with that he turned and sauntered back into the feast, whistling a tune.
When he opened the door, the light from within threw his shadow clear across the yard, and for just a moment Tyrion Lannister stood tall as a king.
Wind and words. We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.
A bruise is a lesson... and each lesson makes us better.
The common people pray for rain, healthy children and a summer that never ends. It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace.
All that Syrio Forel had taught her went racing through her head. Swift as a deer. Quiet as shadow. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Quick as a snake. Calm as still water. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Strong as a bear. Fierce as a wolverine. Fear cuts deeper than swords. The man who fears losing has already lost. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords.
Don’t call me Lord Snow.
The dwarf lifted an eyebrow. Would you rather be called the Imp? Let them see that their words can cut you and you’ll never be free of the mockery. If they want to give you a name take it make it your own. Then they can’t hurt you with it anymore.
I swear to you, sitting a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one.
There is no creature on earth half so terrifying as a truly just man.
The man who fears losing has already lost.
...the man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
...a ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.
A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose. (Maester Aemon)
If a man paints a target on his chest, he should expect that sooner or later someone will loose an arrow on him.
A lord must learn that sometimes words can accomplish what swords cannot.
...How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?
In my own bed, with a belly full of wine and a maiden's mouth around my cock, at the age of eighty, he replied.
You may be as different as the sun and the moon, but the same blood flows through both your hearts. You need her, as she needs you...
Love is sweet, dearest Ned, but it cannot change a man's nature. -- Lyanna
Opening your eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but the eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with your ears. Taste with your mouth. Smell with your nose. Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterward, and in that way knowing the truth.
I take no joy in mead nor meat, and song and laughter have become suspicious strangers to me. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my heart was once.
You can't hammer tin into iron, no matter how hard you beat it, but that doesn't mean it's useless.
A Lannister always pays his debts.
Swift as a deer. Quiet as a shadow. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Quick as a snake. Calm as still water.
The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but the eyes see true.
We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.
The High Septon once told me that as we sin, so do we suffer.
Why is it always the innocents who suffer most, when you high lords play your game of thrones?
The world was full of cravens who pretended to be heroes; it took a queer sort of courage to admit to cowardice...
You wear your honor like a suit of armor... You think it keeps you safe, but all it does is weigh you down and make it hard for you to move.
She had put despair and fear aside, as if they were garments she did not choose to wear.
A true man does what he will, not what he must.
A cold wind was blowing from the north, and it made the trees rustle like living things.
I have a realistic grasp of my own strengths and weaknesses. My mind is my weapon. My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer, and I have my mind… and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge. That’s why I read so much, Jon Snow.
 
A ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.
: Book 1 of A Song of Ice and Fire
All dwarfs may be bastards yet not all bastards are dwarfs.
Minds are like swords, I do fear. The old ones go to rust.
Some truths did not bear saying, and some lies were necessary.
I am surrounded by flatterers and fools. It can drive a man to madness,.. . Half of them don’t dare tell me the truth, and the other half can’t find it.
A man who won't listen can't hear.
They say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man’s laughter freezes in his throat and chokes him to death, Ned said evenly. Perhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor.
Let them see that their words can cut you and you’ll never be free of the mockery. If they want to give you a name, take it, make it your own. Then they can’t hurt you with it anymore.
Tyrion shrugged. We all need to be mocked from time to time Lord Mormont lest we start to take ourselves too seriously.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.
It was queer how sometimes a child's innocent eyes can see things that grown men are blind to.
The Bear and the Maiden Fair
A bear there was, a bear, a bear!
All black and brown, and covered with hair!
The bear! The bear!
Oh, come, they said, oh come to the fair!
The fair? Said he, but I'm a bear!
All black, and brown, and covered with hair!
And Down the road from here to there.
From here! To There!
Three boys, a goat, and a dancing bear!
[He] danced and spun, all the way to the Fair!
The Fair! The Fair!
[...]
Oh, sweet she was, and pure, and fair!
The maid with honey in her hair!
Her hair! Her hair!
The maid with honey in her hair!
[The bear,] smelled the scent on the summer air.
The bear! The bear!
All black and brown and covered with hair.
He smelled the scent on the summer air!
He sniffed and roared and smelled it there!
Honey on the summer air!
Oh, I'm a maid, and I'm pure and fair!
I'll never dance with a hairy bear!
A bear! A bear!
I'll never dance with a hairy bear!
He lifted her high into the air!
The bear! The bear!
I called for a knight, but you're a bear!
A bear! A bear!
All black and brown and covered with hair!
She kicked and wailed, the maid so fair,
But he licked the honey from her hair,
Her hair! Her hair!
Then she sighed and squealed and kicked the air!
My bear! She sang. My bear so fair!
And off they went, from here to there,
The bear, the bear, and the maiden fair.
~The Bear and the Maiden Fair,
You must put these dreams aside, they will only break your heart.
Be careful you don't cut yourself. The edges are sharp enough to shave with.
Girls don't shave', Arya said.
Maybe they should. Have you ever seen the septa's legs?
My brother is undoubtedly arrogant, Tyrion Lannister replied. My father is the soul of avarice, and my sweet sister Cersei lusts for power with every waking breath. I, however, am innocent as a little lamb. Shall I bleat for you?
I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men.
He was no dragon, Dany thought, curiously calm. Fire cannot kill a dragon
Ser Barristan loves his honor, Grand Maester Pycelle loves his office, and Littlefinger loves Littlefinger.
: Book 1 of A Song of Ice and Fire
As we sin, so do we suffer
Everything's better with some wine in the belly.
You make us look bad', complained Toad.
You looked bad before I ever met you', Jon told him.
When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, she said sadly. When the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When my womb quickens again, and I bear a living child. Then you will return, my sun-and-stars, and not before. -Daenerys Targaryen
Jon:'What are you doing up there? Why aren't you at the feast?
Tyrion: 'Too hot, too noisy, and I'd drunk too much wine', the dwarf told him. 'I learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on your brother.
Is it so far from madness to wisdom?
- Daenerys Targaryen
Only a man who's been burned knows what hell is truly like.
She should be on a hill somewhere, under a fruit tree, with the sun and clouds above her and the rain to wash her clean.
And pray that he is the man I think he is, he finished silently, and not the man I fear he has become.
: Book 1 of A Song of Ice and Fire
If I took it away, no doubt I'd find a morningstar hidden under your pillow within a fortnight. Try not to stab your sister, whatever the provocation.
: Book 1 of A Song of Ice and Fire
Love is the bane of honor, the death of duty.
The years leech at a man's memories, even those he has vowed never to forget.
 
She had never loved him so much as she did in that instant.
Nothing burns like the cold. But only for a while. Then it gets inside you and starts to fill you up, and after a while you don't have the strength to fight it.
Shagga son of Dolf likes this not. Shagga will go with the boyman, and if the boyman lies, Shagga will chop off his manhood-
-and feed it to the goats, yes, Tyrion said wearily.
Lord Snow wants to take my place now.' He sneered. 'I'd have an easier time teaching a wolf to juggle than you will training this aurochs.
I'll take that wager, Ser Alliser', Jon said. 'I'd love to see Ghost juggle.
Go Ahead, call me all the names you want, Sansa said airily. You won't dare when I'm married to Joffrey. You'll have to bow and call me Your Grace. She shrieked as Arya flung the orange across the table. It caught her in the middle of the forehead with a wet squish and plopped down into her lap.
You have juice on your face, Your Grace , Arya said.
The world is full of cravens who pretended to be heroes.
He drew the dagger and laid it on the table between them; a length of dragonbone and Valyrian steel, as sharp as the difference between right and wrong, between true and false, between life and death.
A long summer always meant a long winter to come.
...grief can derange even the strongest and most disciplined of minds.
A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone.
Lords are gold and knights steel, but two links can't make a chain. You also need silver and iron and lead, tin and copper and bronze and all the rest, and those are farmers and smiths and merchants and the like. A chain needs all sorts of metals, and a land needs all sorts of people.
Ned was clad in a white linen doublet with the direwolf of Stark on the breast; his black wool cloak was fastened at the collar by his silver hand of office. Black and white and grey, all the shades of truth.
Even in dreams, you could not fall forever.
You do not steal from the dragon, oh, no. The dragon remembers.
They’re both bungholes who think they’re too noble to shit,
Nobody likes cravens, he said uncomfortably. I wish we hadn’t helped him. What if they think we’re craven too?
You're too stupid to be craven, Pyp told him.
I am not, Grenn said.
Yes you are. If a bear attacked you in the woods, you’d be too stupid to run away.
I would not, Grenn insisted. I’d run away faster than you. He stopped suddenly, scowling when he saw Pyp’s grin and realized what he’d just said.
We were talking about the prince,' Sansa said, her voice soft as a kiss.
Arya knew which prince she meant: Joffrey, of course. The tall, handsome one. Sansa got to sit with him at the feast. Arya had to sit with the little fat one. Naturally.
Wisdom oft comes from the mouth of babes.
Song of the Night’s Watch:
I am the sword in the darkness
I am the watcher on the walls
I am the fire that burns against the cold
The light that brings the dawn
The horn that wakes the sleepers
I am the shield that guards the realms of men.
His cloak was his crowning glory; sable, thick and black and soft as sin.
Not cry. Fly.
I can’t fly, Bran said. I can’t, I can’t…
How do you know? Have you ever tried?
The voice was high and thin. Bran looked around to see where it was coming from. A crow was spiraling down with him, just out of touch, following him as he fell. Help me, he said.
I’m trying, the crow replied…
The crow took to the air and flapped around Bran’s hand.
You have wings, Bran pointed out.
Maybe you do too.
Bran felt along his shoulders, groping for feathers.
There are different kinds of wings, the crow said…
Bran was falling faster than ever. The grey mists howled around him as he plunged toward the earth below. What are you doing to me? he asked the crow, tearful.
Teaching you how to fly.
I can’t fly!
You’re flying right now.
I’m falling!
Every flight begins with a fall, the crow said. Look down.
I loved a maid fair as summer, with sunlight in her hair.
Si le cortas la lengua a un hombre, no demuestras que estuviera mintiendo: demuestras que no quieres que el mundo oiga lo que pueda decir.
As Daenerys Targaryen rose to her feet, her black hissed, pale smoke venting from its mouth and nostrils. The other two pulled away from her breasts and added their voices to the call, translucent wings unfolding and stirring the air, and for the first time in hundreds of years, the night came alive with the music of dragons.
Remember this, boy. All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs. And with that he turned and sauntered back into the feast, whistling a tune. When he opened the door, the light from within threw his shadow clear across the yard, and for just a moment Tyrion Lannister stood tall as a king.
But a voice inside her whispered, There are no heroes, and she remembered what Lord Petyr had said to her, here in this very hall. 'Life is not a song, sweetling,' he'd told her, 'You may learn that one day to your sorrow.' In life, the monsters win, she told herself.
A lion doesn't concern itself with the opinion of sheep.
We Lannisters do have a certain pride, said Tyrion Lannister.
Pride? Catelyn snapped. His mocking tone and easy manner made her angry. Arrogance, some might call it. Arrogance and avarice and lust for power.
My brother is undoubtedly arrogant, Tyrion Lannister replied. My father is the soul of avarice, and my sweet sister Cersei lusts for power with every waking breath. I, however, am innocent as a little lamb. Shall I bleat for you? He grinned.
She went to the window seat and sat there, sniffling, hating them all, and herself most of all. It was all her fault, everything bad that had happened.
 
Remember, whatever the price...I'll beat it! I like living!
And for the first time in hundreds of years, the night came
alive with the music of dragons.
Mother, I want to see him fly!
Nunca olvides qué eres, porque desde luego el mundo no lo va a olvidar. Conviértelo en tu mejor arma, así nunca será tu punto débil. Úsalo como armadura y nadie podrá utilizarlo para herirte.
Tyrion Lannister
Canción de Hielo y Fuego I:
Juego de Tronos
Did I offend you? Lannister said. Sorry. Dwarfs don’t have to be tactful. Generations of capering fools in motley have won me the right to dress badly and say any damn thing that comes into my head.
It was bitingly cold up here,and the wind pulled at his clothes like an insistent lover.
What do you like to do?
She scuffed a toe amongst the rushes. Needlework.
Very restful, isn’t it?
Well, said Arya, not the way I do it.
A man could not always be where he belonged, though.
The old man laid a withered, spotted hand on his shoulder. It hurts, boy, he said softly. Oh, yes. Choosing . . . it has always hurt. And always will. I know.
You are an honest and honorable man...Ofttimes I forget that. I have met so few of them in my life.
Little redcape, he snarled, when next you bare steel on Shagga son of Dolf, I will chop off your manhood and roast it in the fire.
What, no goats? Tyrion said, taking a bite of his cheese.
Who do you think our champion will be today? Have you seen Mace Tyrell's boy? The Knight of Flowers, they call him. Now there's a son any man would be proud to own to. Last tourney, he dumped the Kingslayer on his golden rump, you ought to have seen the look on Cersei's face. I laughed till my sides hurt.
So be it. I'll wear my iron and hold my tongue. A man who won't listen can't hear.
Never ask me about Jon; he is my blood and that is all you need to know! Ned was different. He brought his bastard home, and called him son.
Jon: Have you seen the wall? | Sam: I'm fat, not blind.
Do the dead frighten you?
This is not Winterfell', he told him as he cut his meat with fork and dagger. 'On the Wall, a man gets only what he earns. You're no ranger, Jon, only a green boy with the smell of summer still on you.
A man of the Night's Watch lives his life for the realm. Not for a king, nor a lord, nor the honor of this house or that house, neither for gold nor glory nor a woman's love, but for the realm, and all the people in it. A man of the Night's Watch takes no wife and fathers no sons. Our wife is duty. Our mistress is honor. And you are the only sons we shall ever know.
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it,’ the dwarf had told him smiling. The world was full of cravens who pretended to be heroes; it took a queer sort of courage to admit to cowardice as Samwell Tarly had.
Choosing... it has always hurt. And always will. I know.
It seemed cruel for a day to dawn so fair and end so foul as this one promised to.
Her lord father had taught her never to steal, but it was growing harder to remember why.
Spikes,  he sighed. Heads. Walls.
It was a hollow victory they gave me. A crown...it was the girl I prayed them for. Your sister, safe... and mine again as she was meant to be. I ask you, Ned, what good is it to wear a crown?
Let him grow taller,she asked the gods.Let him know sixteen, and twenty, and fifty. Let him grow as tall as his father, and hold his own son in his arms. Please, please, please.
They say night's beauties fade at dawn, and the children of wine are oft disowned in the morning light.
In life, the monsters win.
Make no mistake, dwarf. I fought for you, but I do not love you'
It was your blade I needed'' Tyrion said, ''not your love.
but the real enemy is the cold. It steals up on you quieter than Will, and at first you shiver and your teeth chatter and you stamp your feet and dream of mulled wine and nice hot fires. It burns, it does. Nothing burns like the cold. But only for a while. Then it gets inside you and starts to fill you up, and after a while you don't have the strength to fight it. It's easier just to sit down ot go to sleep. They say you don't feel any pain toward the end. First you go weak and drowsy, and everything starts to fade, and then it's like sinking into a sea of warm milk. Peaceful, like.
Inside the room, a man and a woman were wrestling. They were both naked.
In my dreams, I kill him every night,' Robert admitted. 'A thousand deaths will still be less than he deserves'.
The common people pray for rain, healthy children, and a summer that never ends,' Ser Jorah told her. 'It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace.' He gave a shrug. 'They never are.
We only make peace with our enemies. That's why it's called making peace.
When you find yourself in bed with an ugly woman, the best thing to do is close your eyes and get on with it
They hate you because you act like you're better than they are
Robb says the man died bravely, but Jon says he was afraid.
What do you think? his father asked.
Bran thought about it. can a man still be brave if he's afraid?
That is the only time a man can be brave, his father told him.
Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart.
This is the bravo’s dance, the water dance, swift and sudden. All men are made of water, do you know this? When you pierce them, the water leaks out and they die.
She was no stranger to waiting, after all. Her man had always made her wait.
Perhaps I will die too, she told herself, and the thought did not seem so terrible to her. If she flung herself from the window, she could put an end to her suffering, and in the years to come the singers would write songs of her grief. Her body would lie on the stones below, broken and innocent, shaming all those who had betrayed her. Sansa went so far as to cross the bedchamber and throw open the shutters ... but then her courage left her, and she ran back to her bed, sobbing.
A man who sees nothing has no use for his eyes, the Mountain declared. Cut them out and give them to your next outrider. Tell him you hope that four eyes might see better than two . . . and if not, the man after him will have six.
Mothers. The man made a word sound like a curse. I think birthing does something to your minds. You are all mad.
Jon shrugged. 'Girls get the arms but not the swords. Bastards get the swords but not the arms. I did not make the rules, little sister.
Something about the howling of a wolf took a man right out of his here and now and left him in a dark forest of the mind, running naked before the pack.
One day, she promised herself as she lay abed, one day she would allow herself to be less than strong. But not today. It could not be today.
Sometimes he could almost forget that it was there, the way you forget about the sky or the earth underfoot, but there were other times when it seemed as if there was nothing else in the world.
Her clothes were almost dry by the time she reached the gatehouse. The portcullis was down and the gates barred, so she turned aside to a postern door. The gold cloaks who had the watch sneered when she told them to let her in. Off with you, one said. The kitchen scraps are gone, and we’ll have no begging after dark.
I’m not a beggar, she said. I live here.
I said, off with you. Do you need a clout on the ear to help your hearing?
I want to see my father.
The guards exchanged a glance. I want to fuck the queen myself, for all the good it does me, the younger one said.
The older scowled. Who’s this father of yours, boy, the city ratcatcher?
The Hand of the King, Arya told him.
Both men laughed, but then the older one swung his fist at her, casually, as a man would swat a dog. Arya saw the blow coming even before it began. She danced back out of the way, untouched. I’m not a boy, she spat at them. I’m Arya Stark of Winterfell, and if you lay a hand on me my lord father will have both your heads on spikes. If you don’t believe me, fetch Jory Cassel or Vayon Poole from the Tower of the Hand. She put her hands on her hips. Now are you going to open the gate, or do you need a clout on the ear to help your hearing?
You win or you die.
Once there were two moons in the sky, but one wandered too close to the sun and cracked from the heat. A thousand thousand dragons poured forth, and drank the fire of the sun. That is why dragons breathe flame. One day the other moon will kiss the sun too, and then it will crack and the dragons will return.
There are things to be learned even from the dead.
None of us is ever ready,' he (Ned) said.
For knighthood?
For death.
I am sorry for your girl, Ned. Truly. About the wolf, I mean. My son was lying, I’d stake my soul on it. My son … you love your children, don’t you?
With all my heart, Ned said.
Let me tell you a secret, Ned. More than once, I have dreamed of giving up the crown. Take ship for the Free Cities with my horse and my hammer, spend my time warring and whoring, that’s what I was made for. The sellsword king, how the singers would love me. You know what stops me? The thought of Joffrey on the throne, with Cersei standing behind him whispering in his ear. My son. How could I have made a son like that, Ned?
He’s only a boy, Ned said awkwardly. He had small liking for Prince Joffrey, but he could hear the pain in Robert’s voice. Have you forgotten how wild you were at his age?
It would not trouble me if the boy was wild, Ned. You don’t know him as I do. He sighed and shook his head. Ah, perhaps you are right. Jon despaired of me often enough, yet I grew into a good king. Robert looked at Ned and scowled at his silence. You might speak up and agree now, you know.
Your Grace … Ned began, carefully.
Robert slapped Ned on the back. Ah, say that I’m a better king than Aerys and be done with it. You never could lie for love nor honor, Ned Stark. I’m still young, and now that you’re here with me, things will be different. We’ll make this a reign to sing of, and damn the Lannisters to seven hells.
Why do you read so much?
I have a realistic grasp of my own strengths and weaknesses. My mind is my weapon. My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer, and I have my mind… and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge. That’s why I read so much, Jon Snow.
Mai, mai dimenticare chi sei, perché di certo il mondo non lo dimenticherà. Trasforma chi sei nella tua forza così non potrà mai essere la tua debolezza. Fanne un'armatura e non potrà mai essere usata contro di te.
Now you know  the crow whispered as it sat on his shoulder. Now you know why you must live.
Why  Bran said not understanding falling falling.
Because winter is coming.
A mad man sees what he sees.
She was scarcely a year older than I was, dark-haired, slender, with a face that would break your heart. It certainly broke mine. Lowborn, half-starved, unwashed... Yet lovely. They'd torn the rags she was wearing half off her back, so I wrapped her in my cloak while Jaime chase the men into the woods. By the time he came trotting back, I'd gotten a name out of her, and a story. She was a crofter's child, orphaned when her father died of fever, on her way to... Well, nowhere, really.
The girl was too frightened to send her off by herself, though, so I offered to take her to the closest inn and feed her while my brother rode back to the Rock for help.
She was hungrier than I would have believed. We finished two whole chickens and part of a third, and drank a flagon of wine, talking. I was only thirteen, and the wine went to my head, I fear. The next thing I knew, I was sharing her bed. If she was shy, I was shyer. I'll never know where I found the courage. When I broke her maidenhead, she wept, but afterward she kissed me and sang her little song, and by morning I was in love.
Catelyn had never liked this godswood.
She had been born a Tully, at Riverrun far to the south, on the Red Fork of the Trident. The godswood there was a garden, bright and airy, where tall redwoods spread dappled shadows across tinkling streams, birds sang from hidden nests, and the air was spicy with the scent of flowers.
Everyone who isn't us is an enemy. - Cersei
El hombre que dicta la sentencia debe blandir la espada. Si le vas a quitar la vida a un hombre, tienes un deber para con él, y es mirarlo a los ojos y escuchar sus últimas palabras. Si no soportas eso, quizá es que ese hombre no merece morir.